you had Arden facing into a game against
Pakistan who were by far the strongest
team in their group but the thing about
Ireland is if they managed somehow pull
off the win here you have the unforeseen
scenario incredible scenario
unbelievable scenario that they would
qualify for the super 8 stage of the
tournament which really wasn't on
anyone's radar at the start we were
going out against a team that was very
much fancy to win the tournament let
alone win the group they had lost to the
West Indies if they lost to us they were
out the World Cup and we had absolutely
nothing to lose when I saw the pitch I
was shocked because it was green and
that just played into our hands we Irish
players play on green wickets and not
too many green wickets in Pakistan after
winning the toss it was just an air but
you know a whole camp that it was an
opportunity here that we could exploit
it's a real banana skin type fixture for
us but we are aware of what we have to
do I never forget when we walked out in
the field there was a group of Pakistani
supporters to the right hand side and
they were giving us all sorts of chip
you know the Irish you should be back in
the pub and you should be drinking
Guinness celebrating some Patrick's Day
you don't play cricket Mountain you just
see the guys sort of grow that extra
half an inch legs driving the ball
that's a row plane he's taken
for the honours team wicked in the
forest over
whenever we got three or four early
we're going to see it just save it the
belief akia on the crowd we're starting
to go and we cashed in bullying you know
very well is that oh yes
Pakistan rocking here now fielding was
outstanding I think all the caches were
taken we were driving around stopping
balls left right and center that's gone
again we need to talk again yes
welcome
he's hit that but there's a man on the
red its ste playing he's gone that's the
end of the innings Pakistan have been
dismissed by Ireland for 132 ons in
Patrick's Day
it was quite tricky at halftime
suddenly the news kick in we can win I
gave my normal talk of playing tight and
compact and that's a sort of my attacked
Joe rah and everyone keep under s just
chill all right Trent had a different
sort of approach now we've got a chance
to gather the suit rights we have got a
massive chance to stay in the
Western ease project for four weeks it's
up to every single one of us and see how
much we want to stay here good I
promise she's going to be tough at it I
do like to make a few speeches every now
and again and I don't sort of gets their
full attention but I think for 30
seconds there I had their full attention
he looked around the room and he said do
you want to be back in Dublin on Monday
morning at 6 o'clock in the morning
delivering post do you want to be back
tha this time next week do you want to
be back in the office and Monday morning
want to be back on the farm
lenka do you want to be sitting on the
m50 and I said to him I said as sure as
hell I don't want to go back and and
sell fabric get out there
Scottie's ruins and basically we're
gonna be heroes they need to get 133 to
win this group D match lovely dry
yes yes my dear
Pakistan struggling along here
desperately desperately need wickets we
knew they were going to come at us and
come at us pretty hard because I knew if
I lost this game there will couples over
put in Pakistan right back
we did have a wobble we lost a couple of
quick buckets but Lila Brian was having
one of the most fantastic enza's I've
ever witnessed
50 to brine magnificent innings under
pressure how will this play
passionately back the team
that's a good sign
we can see what that means
I wonder what is going through the mind
of Bob Woolmer right now well he's a
worried man
the captain is on strike
when he tried to be the hero to get
these runs in one law
historic pictures
great joy for the supporters
there was
I was just saying that they have like
their behavior is actually hard to put
into words hi that's me
well not at school I mean in fact I
normally can't put anything into words
but I've had a few beers so I'm not
stuttering I'm slurring but what I'd
like to say is
come on island
the singing was just fantastic and you
know the guys can sing and I say we'd be
the world champion team at their
come on
huge it was just fantastic you know off
to its land and it didn't die down you
know you didn't sort of come back to
earth for a long long time you know you
were on this hire that was just amazing
and you kept on thinking is it real
Oh
you